{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f6\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green35\blue38;
\red254\green254\blue254;\red48\green128\blue208;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}\levelprepend{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}\levelprepend{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Grap\
\
It consists of a welcome page which gives two options to the user. On left side of the window it has the functionality of checking one\'92s mood by logging into twitter account. On the right hand side of window gives the option of entering anyone\'92s twitter handle and check his/her mood. \
\
The left side animation of twitter logo is developed using Jquery. 
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 jQuery is a lightweight, "write less, do more", JavaScript library. It takes a lot of common tasks that require many lines of JavaScript code to accomplish, and wraps them into methods that you can call with a single line of code. \
\
On proceeding further from the welcome screen consists of a GUI consisting of graphs, bars and pie charts depicting one\'92s mood. \
\
\
\
2 \
\
Twitter feeds of one\'92s timeline can be fetched with the help of twitter\'92s API \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl880\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs64 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 GET statuses/user_timeline\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl462\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 It returns a collection of the most recent {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dev.twitter.com/overview/api/tweets"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \strokec6 Tweets}} posted by the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dev.twitter.com/overview/api/users"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \strokec6 user}} indicated by the 
\f4 screen_name
\f3  or 
\f4 user_id
\f3  parameters.
\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl462\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 User timelines belonging to protected users may only be requested when the authenticated user either \'93owns\'94 the timeline or is an approved follower of the owner.\
The timeline returned is the equivalent of the one seen when you view a user\'92s profile on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://twitter.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \strokec6 twitter.com}}.\
This method can only return up to 3,200 of a user\'92s most recent Tweets. Native retweets of other statuses by the user is included in this total, regardless of whether 
\f4 include_rts
\f3  is set to 
\f4 false
\f3  when requesting this resource.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1)	}
\f5\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
JSON Format\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl396\partightenfactor0

\f6\b\fs32 \cf7 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 JSON
\b0  (JavaScript Object Notation) is a lightweight data-interchange format. It is easy for humans to read and write. It is easy for machines to parse and generate. It is based on a subset of the JavaScript Programming Language, Standard ECMA-262 3rd Edition - December 1999.
\f3\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \
Twitter feeds are returned in json format. The text of json feeds is returned by son object \'93text\'94. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	0.1)	}
\f5\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sentimental Score \'96 Application  AFINN - 111\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl396\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 AFINN is a list of English words rated for valence with an integer\
between minus five (negative) and plus five (positive). The words have\
been manually labeled by Finn \'c5rup Nielsen in 2009-2011. The file\
is tab-separated. There are two versions:\
\
AFINN-111: Newest version with 2477 words and phrases.\
\
AFINN-96: 1468 unique words and phrases on 1480 lines. Note that there\
are 1480 lines, as some words are listed twice. The word list in not\
entirely in alphabetic ordering. 
\f3\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \
\
Text file of AFINN-111 is converted into different arrays each one containing first element as the word and second as the rating of that word. \
\
<?php \
\
$file = file_get_contents('./AFINN-111.txt', true);\
\
$array = explode("\\n", $file);\
\
$arr_len = count($array);\
\
for($i=0; $i<$arr_len; $i++) \{\
	\
	$str = preg_split('/[\\t]/', $array[$i]);\
\
	$word = $str[0];\
	$rating = $str[1];\
	print_r($str); \
\}\
\
?>\
\
Mongodb\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li60\ri60\sl480\sa300\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 MongoDB is an open-source document database, and leading NoSQL database. MongoDB is written in c++\
This tutorial will give you great understanding on MongoDB concepts needed to create and deploy a highly scalable and performance oriented database\
It is a cross-platform, document oriented database that provides, high performance, high availability, and easy scalability. MongoDB works on concept of collection and document.\
}